Add standard bypass delay level to playsounds (#1292)
pajbot/pajbot: CHANGELOG.md

- Major: Added support for 7tv.app emotes (#1256, #1260, #1261)
- Minor: Migrate from Kraken to Helix for global emote fetching. (#1289)
- Minor: Migrate from `twitchemotes.com` to Helix for channel emote fetching. (#1290)

> - Minor: Added `BYPASS_DELAY_LEVEL` support to the playsounds module. (#1292)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Minor: Fixed that users with level 2000 couldn't bypass the cooldown of the playsounds module. (#1292)
```
